Document disabling problematic web stuff (#439)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/quick-start.md

1. Install Jellyfin on [your system](xref:admin-installing) with the installation method for your platform.

1. [OPTIONAL from 10.7.0 onwards] [Edit the Jellyfin web configuration](xref:web-config) and adjust the options to fit your desired privacy level; our defaults sacrifice some absolute self-hosting for well-requested features, and if this is concerning please review the documentation and edit accordingly.

> 1. Browse to `http://127.0.0.1:8096` to access the included web client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Browse to `http://SERVER_IP:8096` to access the included web client.
```

1. Install Jellyfin on [your system](xref:admin-installing) with the installation method for your platform.

> 1. [OPTIONAL from 10.7.0 onwards] Edit the Jellyfin web configuration (`/usr/share/jellyfin/web/config.json` on Debuntu, or `/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/config.json` in Docker) and adjust the options to fit your desired privacy level; our defaults sacrifice some absolute self-hosting for well-requested features.

Reviewer 2: as /jellyfin/jellyfin-web/config.json will get wiped on container recreation, this will be a problem for docker.

Author: It's a problem for Debian too actually. Let me reword this.

    * If you wish to disable Chromecast support and callouts to Google, remove the line `"plugins/chromecastPlayer/plugin",` from the `plugins` section.
    * If you wish to disable YouTube Trailer support and callouts to YouTube, remove the line `"plugins/youtubePlayer/plugin",` from the `plugins` section.
    * If you wish to disable our custom `jellyfin-noto` font and callouts to our repository server, and fall back to system-local fonts only, remove the `.css` file lines under the `fonts` section.

1. Browse to `http://127.0.0.1:8096` to access the included web client.

1. Follow the initial setup wizard.

    * Libraries and users can always be added later from the dashboard.
    * Remember the username and password so you can login after the setup.

1. Secure the server with a method of your choice.

    * Create an SSL certificate and add it on the **Networking** page.
    * Put your server behind a [reverse proxy](networking/index.md#running-jellyfin-behind-a-reverse-proxy).
    * Only allow local connections and refrain from forwarding any ports.

> 1. Enjoy your media!

Reviewer 2: the numbering is resetting itself for some reason

Author: No that's intentional. In markdown if every entry is 1, it will auto-increment them.

Reviewer: probably the editor. renders with a ordered list anyways, so the numbers in the source don't matter

Author: Yea it is rendered properly. This avoids needing to think about the actual numbers in the source.

Ref: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/parallelvirtualcluster/pvc/master/docs/getting-started.md (though 0-started instead of 1-started there).
